[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:31:20
Any fun. The place was hot, cold.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:31:22
Normal.

[Trance] 10:31:27
It's not too hot. It's not corn at all, but it's not too hot.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:31:32
Okay, then good place.

[Trance] 10:31:34
Is in the middle of Vietnam, yeah. Close by the sea so the sea wind is breezing.

[Trance] 10:31:44
Was freezing, yeah.

[Trance] 10:31:55
Do you have a community trip in Japan? No.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:31:59
No, we don't have company we have just… kind of off-site cam So almost like competitive but it's not uh all people if just the individual department wise

[Trance] 10:32:18
Oh, no.

[Trance] 10:32:23
Yeah. You can come here and you can come here enjoy with us next year.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:32:31
Maybe next time.

[Trance] 10:32:33
I think so.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:32:38
Okay, let's start.

[Nas] 10:32:40
Okay, can you see me missing swing? Okay.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:32:43
Yes.

[Nas] 10:32:46
Okay, let's tack the swing leaning.

[Nas] 10:32:52
Okay. I will start the swing lending for swing 115 And okay, in this way we will… Start from the april uh 20 I need to… maze.

[Nas] 10:33:12
Nice. Yeah. Okay, so in this ring, let's see that our plan.

[Nas] 10:33:19
We have stars in the swing And we have… to release yeah SLA photos really this one is the midline and we would relay the silver.

[Nas] 10:33:32
And for this one we would may see Yeah, actually, this is already he's still this music but uh we can't read to really at the same with the same name so i separate to the main nine and Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:33:51
Can you put it there? May 6 and exact timing.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:33:56
Like to elbow. Am, Vietnamese time.

[Nas] 10:34:01
Yeah, maybe.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:34:01
It's actually May 6th so This document will make confusion for other people

[Nas] 10:34:08
And… So, okay.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:34:10
Yeah. Yeah. Theoretically it should be May 6th. 12.

[Nas] 10:34:21
Maybe two. Two.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:34:24
Vietnamese to… Immediately, yeah.

[Nas] 10:34:27
I think two, two, four. A-t-a-t. Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:34:32
Actually, I reported also like this too Yeah.

[Nas] 10:34:38
Yeah, yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:34:39
Thank you.

[Nas] 10:34:43
Okay. Okay, I will move to the gym for the dust in… The stream.

[Nas] 10:34:52
Okay and first will be the ember team Yeah. Okay. For Ember team, maybe we will follow up is for the se blind linkers.

[Nas] 10:35:03
Because we have the relief plan and we have already and now in the now GA, please.

[Nas] 10:35:11
Visit me so uh In this ring, we will release editing in the May 7th. Yeah.

[Nas] 10:35:19
Because QA needs one week to test on jijing before we really on the production in the May 4th.

[Nas] 10:35:30
40, yeah. And for the Murray to the civila firm.

[Nas] 10:35:37
Which we will support to SAE and QA to relay this ticket.

[Nas] 10:35:42
And yeah. And we will be testing on direction also And another ticket will be the my rate data log.

[Nas] 10:35:55
From the host sitcom to the survey platform.

[Nas] 10:35:59
In last ring we just uh finished last some tasks but uh yeah in this room we will try to finish all of them before we uh really on them.

[Nas] 10:36:11
Oh, maybe… someday after really.

[Nas] 10:36:17
Okay. And for the feedback enrollment.

[Nas] 10:36:24
Absolutely. Yeah. Okay. We have a lot of tickets to regarded to the feedback and everyone will be implemented in this way yeah so the book and internal.

[Nas] 10:36:42
Okay, I think this is for the emble team. For the capacity uh maybe i will best after this because we just have the backlog requirements so we don't have time to update it.

[Nas] 10:36:56
It's okay, Netflix.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:36:58
Yeah, it's okay. From next sprint, I really would like to have the history point So yeah, we are following the agile scrum and we should have the story point when we are planning the spin.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:37:13
And one of the important criteria is how is the total team velocity?

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:37:18
That Tim Belosity need to just based on the story point, right?

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:37:22
So if you don't have the story point, we cannot understand whether our team velocity is optimum or we can improve or we should reduce that imbalocity.

[Nas] 10:37:31
I will already have this. Storyboard i mean the capital line.

[Nas] 10:37:38
You, you…

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:37:39
Yeah, you don't need to care about the capitalize. You just need to put the story point.

[Nas] 10:37:44
Yeah, yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:37:45
Summer, we can understand that the weather is the weather project work total workload and what is a improvement or feedback story pan in total.

[Nas] 10:37:58
Yeah, let's storyboard we already finished. I mean the capital i don't have time to

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:38:04
Capitalization term is a little complicated as i said that let's not use capitalization let's use roadmap project work and other work like feedback improvement bug fixing

[Nas] 10:38:09
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[Nas] 10:38:18
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, because you assess we need to update before the screen learning so But I love that so for online yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Strawberry is Phoenix.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:38:27
Okay, letter is okay. If you have the study plan, then it's okay.

[Jeff Nguyen] 10:38:33
However, I have a question. We should put the story body on each ticket.

[Jeff Nguyen] 10:38:41
15 last month.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:38:42
We should put the story button for each ticket. As a standard practice.

[Nas] 10:38:46
It did.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:38:48
And then we can easily understand what is the total story point of the total team for a sprint that is the velocity of the team.

[Nas] 10:38:59
Okay.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:39:01
So simply, can you tell NAS what is the total velocity of ambatrium of this spin?

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:39:06
I mean, how many story points we are going to conclude as a target in this spin.

[Nas] 10:39:13
I'm not sure, yes.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:39:16
Okay, so later please put it somewhere in the spin planning review document as a whole other team like this team amber is the total velocity is like this

[Nas] 10:39:23
Oh.

[Nas] 10:39:29
Yeah, in next week, maybe we need to summarize the some blustering.

[Nas] 10:39:37
Because… in the zeta we can we cannot separate to this the preoccock for East Team.

[Nas] 10:39:45
Because it's for haunting if we want it we need to release Three, that's small.

[Nas] 10:39:51
Yeah, but I was… The total, the velocity for the MBT in this way yeah and maybe that is

[Jeff Nguyen] 10:40:02
On Jira with you. We only have velocity track for deck adjustment team On each small team, we don't have to track we don't have to We don't have the shipment here.

[Nas] 10:40:12
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[Jeff Nguyen] 10:40:16
However, we can use Google Sheets and as part of the kids to troubleshoot and we can character uh but we can count storyboard is also… broader velocity charts.

[Jeff Nguyen] 10:40:33
And support and support. Maybe I can discuss with MS to handle it.

[Nas] 10:40:41
Yeah, but we can't call it India. Maybe in stack of three and move three we can select the member in our team and we have the server here.

[Nas] 10:40:53
No need to do that we will see. Just the report.

[Nas] 10:40:59
I cannot find a report. Because I tried to find sometime but they cannot separate to Isti.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:41:08
Yeah, maybe currently the backlog is one single backlog. So that's one of the reasons maybe if you can separate the team wise or if you can put the tag team wise, then you can find out the team-wise backlog and you can easily understand what will be

[Nas] 10:41:13
Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:41:25
Team-wise, the total estuary plan. Kindly all with us.

[Nas] 10:41:28
Yeah, I see. Therefore, another project, if they want to have the Reebok for its team, they will rebook uh first symbol they do rebook three That's why for Eastern.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:41:38
Yes.

[Nas] 10:41:45
For example, tax 115 and and talk about 105 for MRO and 5 for Giannis.

[Nas] 10:41:55
Yeah, keep that we have we have three repo. But maybe we have…

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:42:01
Yeah. Using the Excel file, what Jeff is telling that you can put it in Excel file. I don't want to go for Excel file. It's better to put it here and rather having the Excel file, it's better to separate them

[Nas] 10:42:09
Yeah, yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:42:16
Backlog.

[Nas] 10:42:17
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, me too. I don't want to summarize in ACFI. That's why I don't.

[Nas] 10:42:24
We'll see. Yeah. Okay.

[Jeff Nguyen] 10:42:25
Because we can export tickets from Jira to Google Sheets and it's pretty useful to count Should I go, yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:42:33
Yes, it is possible, but we can also just do it in Jira.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:42:37
That's better.

[Nas] 10:42:40
If we have way we it better to use a zero

[Jeff Nguyen] 10:42:43
Yes, it may. We need to request to add more add-on on JIRA.

[Trance] 10:42:53
Yeah.

[Nas] 10:42:55
Okay. Okay, well, maybe… try to find out the way to of called the velocity of T.

[Jeff Nguyen] 10:43:03
Yeah, it's my… Yeah, we can relate it.

[Jeff Nguyen] 10:43:10
As luck resting, you can escape planning. It's okay.

[Nas] 10:43:16
Okay, that's some for the input team. Okay, and we're about to train to save for the guarantee.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:43:25
Just a last questionna, just reconfirming. So at least for this print, you will put the what is the total Story point, embarim is going to be… conducted this in conducted in the confluent space.

[Nas] 10:43:40
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I will summarize and put the total uh i mean the velocity for the our team in this room.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:43:41
Okay.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:43:47
Yeah. And then Pastor put the velocity of ambatim so same like chains and Richard, please put the same teamiser.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:43:57
Total story point you are going to do. Which is a velocity and then later we can divide that among this velocity like this percentage is for project to arc rat ratio and this person is for improvement or other work ratio

[Trance] 10:44:14
Yes, I will. Yeah, I will. After each meeting, I will update the VLC.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:44:19
Okay. Yeah. Thank you.

[Trance] 10:44:22
Yeah, for now, what I have is the percentage of the Complete man conditions for the ticket We plan for these sprints.

[Trance] 10:44:34
Yeah. The first one is the tax 1414, the minus incident this is um test execution execution, we mostly done it and so i put uh 89%, 2% for fixing bugs.

[Trance] 10:44:55
And retest those issues. For this one, the auto reading patch launch Most of the things have done. I think that um we will execute the test case again for this one.

[Trance] 10:45:14
I need to discuss with Jeff for the exact percentage I will update the presentation later for this one.

[Trance] 10:45:25
And for update rails and upgrade Ruby, we have learned Halfway. And… this spring we plan to work on the following issues.

[Trance] 10:45:39
Some have been done like the the 1700 and 1648.

[Trance] 10:45:49
The death have been complete but we waiting for qa Especially for the 700 uh we we have a plan to release in this screen.

[Trance] 10:46:05
So we will have this one released on this one 6th of May.

[Trance] 10:46:11
So I will be following up. This one.

[Trance] 10:46:17
For this one for 22 we are doing court review.

[Trance] 10:46:23
And for the orders, we… For example, the one 555 and 960 a64.

[Trance] 10:46:35
We need to discuss with PRD and we start on this ticket uh this uh screen the same for this one 1707.

[Trance] 10:46:51
Yes, that's it for Ghaniti, I will input the below C34 is one.

[Trance] 10:47:01
Later after this meeting. That's it for me. Do you have any questions?

[Trance] 10:47:07
That's move.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:47:10
Yeah, clear.

[Trance] 10:47:12
Yes, thank you. Let's move on to Emerald Team.

[Trance] 10:47:18
I'm stopping sharing now.

[Reacher] 10:47:26
Yeah, thank you, Jess. So I will share about the that's from the from blending of involved team.

[Reacher] 10:47:37
So this brings the relationship master vision almost done for the rep in

[Reacher] 10:47:48
And we stock for the seated. And we need to check the core aspect is green.

[Reacher] 10:47:59
And we waiting for the… the list of the cave from QA team for implement unit test.

[Reacher] 10:48:09
Yeah. And the other one… your order is just the list of the improvements So this has been the aim of the have a focus to the improvement And just one, at least one Well.

[Reacher] 10:48:30
So… That's on for the MRO team planning.

[Reacher] 10:48:36
So anyone, do you have any questions? Okay, sir.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:48:44
Just a… For other case, we put it like improvement and feedback so in your case you put just improvement so i'm just confirming for all transnas and HR, all this improvement and feedback is a from our side or from mainly from pdm improvement and feedback input.

[Reacher] 10:49:06
Yeah, some offer improvement from our side and some improvement relay from the BDM, right?

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:49:17
For example, the 155, which I can see like can you go down Go down, down, down. Yeah, this one five five so this is from our side. Is it correct Understanding?

[Reacher] 10:49:30
Yes, this is either. Let me go left.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:49:35
Yeah, so the point is I want to i want to separate or I want to understand which improvement actually from uh PDM side request and which improvement is actually our finding on our kind of…

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:49:52
Take depth. So currently, based on this planning, it's very difficult which improvement is actually PDM side the feedback or improvement request and which improvement is our finding and And I cannot understand very easily. If I go one by one, of course, I can check the ticket and then I can understand.

[Reacher] 10:50:17
So…

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:50:18
Good awareness to identify which one is a given by PDM side and which one is actually our side improvement

[Nas] 10:50:27
Actually, uh. For the improvement from the PDM side, we can maybe call it in the the road map.

[Nas] 10:50:38
Yeah, it's the same feedback improvement and for this one maybe just the indoor woman Team Fires.

[Nas] 10:50:50
And we try to lock the ticket to enrollment in the the feature Yeah, so on what's the ticket here is just to find out in the dev team and QA team and maybe the SLA 13.

[Nas] 10:51:08
Not the requirement from the PDM side.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:51:10
I think, can you go up so it's actually a bit complex so Can you go up to go to So the first one first improvement item of under nas Yeah, 73.

[Nas] 10:51:27
Yeah. Yes.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:51:27
This is from PDM side, right? Yeah, this is an example that it's not so easy to understand that this is a medium side improvement or this is a If I go individual in ticket price, I can understand, okay, so this is from PDM side or this is from engineering side or from QA side. So what I'm asking is a

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:51:49
How about putting like one is a Feedback improvement in PDM and take depth improvement, which is our our improvement finding.

[Nas] 10:52:00
Hmm.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:52:00
Separate these two areas then we can easily understand okay so feedback improvement is these are the from PDM side request and our tech depth improvement is these are the Implement, we are doing from tech dev side.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:52:15
What I'm asking is I would like to understand that tech debt improvement has already confirmed by PDM side or not?

[Nas] 10:52:25
Yeah, I got it. But for the tickets at 73 i think this is and we switching it to the roadmap.

[Nas] 10:52:32
Item yeah it's easy to understand. Let's see.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:52:34
Okay. I'm not telling that this is not improvement this is of course improvement but yeah some of the improvement i think is from PDM side request.

[Nas] 10:52:46
Hey.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:52:46
And some of the improvement is actually like giveaway found some issue or we observed some issue and we'd like to improve it. So that's our improvement.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:52:58
For example next to 1437447, it's a keyway identified improvement task, right?

[Nas] 10:53:07
One, four.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:53:10
Four three seven and four four seven just uh After 73.

[Nas] 10:53:18
47 and for… 447? Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:53:22
Three seven and four, four, seven.

[Nas] 10:53:24
Yeah. Actually, on what that's and this is the the enrollment from the QA side yeah

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:53:34
Okay. Yeah, so I just like to separate the improvement requested from CSR or from PDM side or from we received from CRD team. So those improvements, I would like to say but and i would like to list down the tech depth improvement from our side. And I would like to review those, take the improvement during the spring planning meeting that whether this is really necessary or not and

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:53:58
Pdmc should ever about this ongoing activities.

[Nas] 10:54:04
Yeah, okay. You got it.

[Reacher] 10:54:11
Yeah, thank you. So I will… Stop my centering and bus to the QI team.

[Phoenix] 10:54:23
Please share my screen.

[Phoenix] 10:54:29
Okay. From QA side, about my approaches and this ring We will finish the test execution for SE blank onstage environments.

[Phoenix] 10:54:42
And repair that report. And next, we will try to finish the test curation for auto re-investment.

[Phoenix] 10:54:54
In about Civic platformeration. We will repair the test data on production And a skill um To route testing on rural and the first route in Miss Nye and the second round after we release our own Rolescent After that, maybe two or three days.

[Phoenix] 10:55:16
In… about a sub-related sick master we will finish the This variation.

[Phoenix] 10:55:25
And four tickets, one, four, five, four. We will continue with a skill test.

[Phoenix] 10:55:32
Testing and verify both at the fishing And we will verify some na bug ticket.

[Phoenix] 10:55:43
Released on 6th of May.

[Phoenix] 10:55:49
This is this from QSI. Do you have any question?

[Trance] 10:55:58
I have a question regarding the 1454. The table complete uh which means we will complete testing this issue just take it by end of this spring, right?

[Phoenix] 10:56:04
Hmm.

[Phoenix] 10:56:17
Yes, we plan to convince Exclusions.

[Phoenix] 10:56:23
Of… But I think onsizing is… depend on the release.

[Phoenix] 10:56:31
Because we have the release on six and uh We have… We have the… SG link is released on next And this ring on the 15th thing So if possible to release the That stick is the same.

[Phoenix] 10:56:55
At the same time with the secure SC plans linkage.

[Trance] 10:56:59
Yeah, so which means um the complete here is we will complete it in test environment, is it correct?

[Phoenix] 10:57:10
I… I plan to complete both on staging environment And it's been we will release uh does the case Among with SE blankets on 15 on a… 14.

[Nas] 10:57:27
Yeah, 14.

[Trance] 10:57:28
Fantino. Yeah, nice.

[Phoenix] 10:57:29
Yes.

[Trance] 10:57:35
How about the 1700?

[Phoenix] 10:57:40
17, 1%.

[Trance] 10:57:42
I didn't see it here. It's plan to release this third screen.

[Phoenix] 10:57:47
Sorry, maybe I… All right.

[Phoenix] 10:57:52
Id. 1700 me.

[Trance] 10:57:54
Yeah.

[Phoenix] 10:57:57
This one. I will update you later.

[Trance] 10:57:58
Yes.

[Phoenix] 10:58:03
I copy wrong zero idea.

[Trance] 10:58:06
But this one will be released by uh in uh 6th of May.

[Phoenix] 10:58:13
Yes.

[Trance] 10:58:14
You should like finish the testing before that day right Yeah, thank you.

[Phoenix] 10:58:17
Yes, boy.

[Phoenix] 10:58:24
Okay. Do you have auto vision?

[Trance] 10:58:29
I'm good. I'm good for now.

[Phoenix] 10:58:32
Thank you. I'm trying.

[Trance] 10:58:34
Thank you.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:58:36
Again, with the overall question I can see that Ruby and the real version upgradation will be released this timing.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:58:46
Will it be released on 6? Not NAS. It's a bargain team.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:58:53
Chance.

[Trance] 10:58:55
Um… No, we…

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:58:58
We don't plan to delete just we will migrate and do the testing that's the target.

[Trance] 10:59:05
No, we plan to to release by end of spring 116116.

[Trance] 10:59:16
Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:59:16
One, six. I mean, that's mean next is spin. So this pin we are targeting to do some activities on that but not releasing

[Trance] 10:59:25
No, we don't release it in this spring. We need some we need to finish the death sign and then we need to finish the we test it and we tested it and then to complete it by you know It's been 116 yeah

[Trance] 10:59:44
23rd of May, yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:59:46
Okay. And how about node.js?

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 10:59:54
It's not mentioned here.

[Nas] 10:59:58
It's usually in last three.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:00:00
It is already in last and spin Okay, so that means we are currently running Bashan Two, two.

[Nas] 11:00:02
I just did it.

[Nas] 11:00:10
Yes. Now the north person, 22.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:00:15
And another thing is… I can understand that we are going to fix total nine bugs in this pin we are going to release all this 9 bug in this sprint.

[Nas] 11:00:29
And not… Can I say answering?

[Phoenix] 11:00:35
Okay.

[Nas] 11:00:40
Okay. Yeah, in this ring we have to relay the first one if In the midnight of May 6th, which we will relay the survey lao.

[Nas] 11:00:53
We moved to a similar firm. And in the same time we will really the C.

[Nas] 11:01:04
Book in the… in minimizing but in the maybe 4 p.m. Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:01:15
Okay, I understand. So even though we are targeting to work on nine buck this is spent but we are going to release this tree bug in this spin.

[Nas] 11:01:17
Yeah.

[Nas] 11:01:22
It's… Yeah, yes. Because maybe t uh QIU focus on another another roadmap plan.

[Nas] 11:01:35
So for the essay.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:01:36
Yeah, that's the reason I raised this. How many from their side how many of these nine bag we are going to complete it within this sprint?

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:01:47
All nine bug or some of the bug. All of them so onyx, the question comes to you then. So why we cannot release all those bug disease spin is it the QA bandwidth issue

[Nas] 11:01:51
I think all of them.

[Phoenix] 11:02:03
Yes, actually, I don't know when the team will finish the fishing so that's why I cannot fly in For the QA side.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:02:15
Okay. So yeah, if I look at this bug fixing so for example granite team has one, two, three, four, five.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:02:22
One two three four five bucks in granite team so can't we do the bug fixing testing using the granite team member and confirm that bug has been fixed and go for releasing with the minimum test from qa site

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:02:40
Gems and phonics If we already fix these nine uh i mean this five bugs for example I think three bucks already two or three bucks seven seven zero zero 7707 is already in the release plan.

[Trance] 11:02:43
Yes.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:02:58
Which one is another bug nast? Can I see the release item next?

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:03:03
A secondary release item.

[Nas] 11:03:09
Yeah in the string we will uh

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:03:13
7713 and 311.

[Nas] 11:03:18
So one ticket will be in the Another is from the embassy but maybe it's unfinished for the implementation. So Richard do not put this in the This way.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:03:19
T.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:03:37
Yeah, so my simple question is, if I look at this release item and this bug fixing target so Eight bug is additionally we are going to fix other than what is planning.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:03:50
So seven seven one seven zero zero is going to be released but other eight bug we are not going to release even though dev side we are we are telling that we are going to fix this bug complete this bug fixing within this screen

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:04:06
Can you not plan this? Release in the market. What's the problem of releasing this in the market?

[Trance] 11:04:15
I think that um we for some issue we have done But we don't have enough resource to test Oh, maybe.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:04:30
So yeah, enough resource to test means test site resource. I mean, QA side resource

[Trance] 11:04:39
Yeah, we… Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:04:43
If so, why not some? Yeah, I think this bug steps is already mentioned how to produce this bug so if the bug is fixed and if the Impact area is not that's impact why not we can do the testing from dev side to support the QA?

[Trance] 11:05:01
Yeah, we can do that. Yeah, we can exercise on the audit death test.

[Trance] 11:05:08
So we can release it sooner. Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:05:13
Richard also. Richer, I think richer. One bug, I think, just one bug.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:05:21
1702. Eddie Dopish member.

[Reacher] 11:05:29
Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:05:30
So can you review this release item one more time and consider whether we can consider whether we can we can release those bugs.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:05:40
Which we are going to fix within this sprint.

[Trance] 11:05:46
Yes.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:05:46
One bag we already consider and other eight bags are in pipeline which we are telling that keyword resource is not enough that's why we are not planning to release it. How about doing the testing from the other side.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:06:01
If you think that this is a risky discussing with phonics then let me know. If not, please include this bug release in the second release item.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:06:12
If it is safe of course i'm not pushing that without safety measure, we are going to just release it.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:06:22
If we cannot release it, I would like to know why we cannot release it, even though we are fixing this bug.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:06:29
I know, of course, one is a website members shortage is there.

[Phoenix] 11:06:36
Hi Nemusan, can I say something? Yeah, so I… I think the bus is the top high rider tie.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:06:38
Your phonics.

[Phoenix] 11:06:48
And uh because I cannot plan for that because we… Actually, I don't know exactly the facing this so i cannot put the QIF for the ongoing tickets.

[Phoenix] 11:07:02
So if we can plan to fix early and I will… put the QIF for the buff fishing And we can risk Um… Ray.

[Phoenix] 11:07:20
We can move the… That's great.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:07:22
With some members. And in that case, I think Main is a change so you have one, two, three, four, five bugs one bug is already planned. And I think you didn't share when you are going to complete this bug fixing with phonics. So please share this information and

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:07:39
Let's see if phonics can support it or support Devic side can support it.

[Nas] 11:07:44
Mm-mm.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:07:46
If Phonics can support it, of course, that is the best scenario.

[Trance] 11:07:46
Yes.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:07:50
And on the other hand, NASA, you have a one, two, three bugs, right?

[Nas] 11:07:55
Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:07:56
One, two, three bucks and any bug is we are already planned to release Not yet. So yeah, please think from your side and share with phonics about the fixing timing And if the phonics team can support it, that's a nice

[Nas] 11:08:02
Not yet.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:08:13
Story if not then let me know what is the bottleneck other bottleneck other than phonics not availability to support release these tickets bugs.

[Nas] 11:08:27
Okay.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:08:27
Yeah, but again, quality is the first term. We should not reduce our quality level.

[Nas] 11:08:37
Yeah. Okay, I think it did it just uh because uh Currently, we have a lot of teams so uh difficult for only uh for me to planning for all of them yeah yeah

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:08:52
I didn't think so. It's difficult. That problem I can see is Dance and you didn't share the bug fixing timing with phonics.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:09:03
More communication is important. So if you could share that bug fixing maybe phonics can say that, okay, he has a resources to check this bug.

[Nas] 11:09:15
Yeah. Uh yeah actually uh in uh and uh Swing.

[Nas] 11:09:24
I enjoyed and phonis will discuss about the relay tickets already planned for the next ring Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:09:33
Okay, so please update the release target also like that.

[Nas] 11:09:38
Yeah, but for example for some tickets because uh we just pick it in the This thing was a weed.

[Nas] 11:09:50
I don't know the about that really At the finished term so we cannot say with funny. But I think in this wing, maybe in in a swing we will say with the QA team at samurai after this re-lining, I will ask for team

[Nas] 11:10:08
To estimate for uh the book or the internal issue uh and after that i will get to the funny and maybe Ipsy can… provide as you can uh verify or in maybe we can relate and if not we will uh that team can

[Nas] 11:10:33
Maybe but uh first of all.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:10:34
Yeah, that's a thing. Phonics can do it or not this is the first thing and second thing is if phonics cannot then we'll see from dev side whether we can do the testing in a safe manner or not. If we can do it, then release it. If there are some risk.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:10:51
Then let's discuss. Is it okay for Nix?

[Nas] 11:10:54
Yeah.

[Phoenix] 11:10:59
Yes, I'm okay. Thank you.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:11:02
Yeah, I don't want to pursue additional pressure on phonics, but I can see that there are eight additional bug we are going to fix within this spin if so if it is really fixed, then why not releasing them?

[Phoenix] 11:11:17
Yes.

[Nas] 11:11:20
Okay. Okay. I got the point.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:11:23
Thank you, Nas. Thank you, Chenz.

[Trance] 11:11:26
Thank you.

[Nas] 11:11:30
Okay, I think… Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:11:35
If everything is done, so I'd like to ask Asaitus on his opinion about this is spent coming spent.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:11:44
Target.

[Nas] 11:11:44
Yeah, we will. I think the emble team already put in MRO team already was just for the Gandhi team Again, we put the capital line later yeah Okay.

[Trance] 11:11:59
Yes.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:12:08
Hi, Tusan, anything from your side?

[Yoko Saito] 11:12:11
No. Yeah, thank you for that note.

[Yoko Saito] 11:12:19
Our security number data.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:12:27
One limitation is still we have we don't know our team velocity at this moment.

[Yoko Saito] 11:12:34
Yep.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:12:35
So if we don't know and if we don't just what is our team velocity whether we are performing based on the velocity then I think we cannot understand whether we are utilizing our 100% resource.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:12:48
It is just ratio distribution of the ratio selected tickets but it's not actually the ratio distribution based on the team velocity.

[Yoko Saito] 11:12:58
Okay.

[Nas] 11:13:00
Yeah, for the team velocity, we will try to summarize with train and reach out.

[Nas] 11:13:08
And I…

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:13:08
No, I just want to have a kind of a correct assumption at the start of every spin that this is our team velocity and we are consuming 80% or 100% of our team velocity.

[Nas] 11:13:21
I got it. Continuously. We will have the velocity for a team in the every swing and yeah that's why we can compare it for e3 And yeah, I would relay it.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:13:38
Ideally, all teams should have the same velocity and if not, that means some of the team is taking some extra load some of the team is not taking, become a little bit idle.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:13:49
So yeah ideally all three teams should have the same velocity but yeah let's see what is our real velocity from history point of view.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:13:58
And let's think how we can optimize that.

[Nas] 11:14:05
But actually for the MBT, maybe we'll let them Because I do not work for the task

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:14:10
I know that this is the ratio distribution of the existing ticket, but I believe that still we have much bandwidth to take more tasks.

[Nas] 11:14:20
Yeah. Okay.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:14:21
I want to see that what is our actual conjunction like If our velocity is, for example, one team is 50, maybe we are consuming like 40 story per And the other 10 story plan, we are not burning down because we don't think it is uh

[Nas] 11:14:34
Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:14:40
Suitable considering the There's some other blocker.

[Nas] 11:14:47
Okay.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:14:47
Okay, let's discuss continuously in the upcoming sprint also so maybe next sprint new engineering manager will join so i would like to discuss together with new engineering manager from Nexus.

[Nas] 11:15:01
Yeah. Okay.

[Trance] 11:15:02
Yes.

[Nas] 11:15:06
Just… One more thing to say for in this wing Yeah, every vivo has the holiday from April to May 1st.

[Nas] 11:15:17
So the team will be up in today. Yeah, it is the Wednesday and Thursday.

[Yoko Saito] 11:15:26
Okay, so that new manager will join on 2nd of may Fifth of May. Okay.

[Nas] 11:15:31
Fit of mine. Yeah, it's me in the next Monday. Unless next Monday.

[Yoko Saito] 11:15:34
Next Monday, okay.

[Yoko Saito] 11:15:39
Okay. Thank you.

[Nas] 11:15:40
Yes, next Monday.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:15:42
We don't have his email address yet, Saitusan, but we got his nickname. His nick is Liam. Liam, right?

[Nas] 11:15:51
Yeah, Liam.

[Yoko Saito] 11:15:53
Okay.

[Nas] 11:15:56
Okay, we will see him in… This week. Yeah.

[Yoko Saito] 11:15:59
Next week. Okay.

[Nas] 11:16:03
Okay, I think that's all for our swimming. Yeah.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:16:07
Yeah, thank you all. Sorry to put many pressure because I think we are just evolving.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:16:14
And during this evolved Yeah, everyone has many pressure And we would like to distribute that pressure So that everyone together can take the overall picture.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:16:31
I think that you all will understand this situation and yeah let's work together and strongly.

[Nas] 11:16:32
Okay.

[Nazmul / alam.nazmul] 11:16:39
With the optimum organized way. I'm not asking to take extra load but in an organized manner.

[Nas] 11:16:47
Yeah, I think we just…

